[MUSIC PLAYING]
ROB DODSON: Hey
there, Polycasters.
Rob here.
Today, on the show,
I want to talk
about a little thing
called Content Security
Policy, or CSP.
CSP is a JavaScript
model designed
to prevent attack vectors
in your application.
In particular, one of the
things that CSP outlaws
is the use of inline
scripts in your HTML.
Now, if you've been working with
us, in Polymerland, for awhile,
you might realize that
presents a bit of a problem
because we often design our
elements with inline scripts.
We'll put a little
HTML in the top.
And we'll put a little
script in the bottom.
And that'll be our elements'
definition import, right there.
So how do we make sure that
our elements are CSP compliant?
Well, to do that, we're
going to use a little tool
called Crisper.
Now, Crisper is going to
do the work of extracting
our JavaScript out of
our element definitions,
so that way it can work
in a CSP environment.
And this is really important
if you're doing something
like building a Chrome app, or
using something like Cordova,
or even if you're going to use
a transpile tool, like Babel,
to take your ES6 code
and turn it into ES5.
Now, today, on the
show, what I want to do
is show you how you
can get Crisper up
and running in your application.
I'll start by showing
you the command line
version of Crisper.
And then we can move on to how
you can use it in a build tool,
like Gulp.
Now, to start from the
command line, the first thing
that I want to do is just
npm install -g crisper.
So this is going to do a
global install of Crisper
and give me that
binary command, so I
can use it anywhere I want in
my terminal or my application.
Once this is squared away, I can
take a little starter project
that I've created here, just
as like a demo to show off
what we're going to do.
I've got an import file, right
here, called elements.html.
And that's just pulling in a
few elements from my Elements
directory.
Now, what I want to do is
bundle all of this together
and then extract the
JavaScript out of it.
To do that, I'm going to, first,
create a distribution directory
to hold all of my content once
it's output from the tools.
And then I'm going to
run Vulcanize, which
is our concatenation tool.
It's going to concatenate
all of our elements
together into one big bundle.
And then we can pipe the content
from Vulcanize over to Crisper,
so that way it can take
that one big bundle
and split it into
HTML and JavaScript.
To do that, I'm going
to use a little pipe
character at the end of
my Vulcanize command,
hand it off to
Crisper, and tell it
where I want the
HTML to live, which
is going to be
elements.html, and tell it
I want the JavaScript
to live in elements.js.
Now, it might seem a little
weird to run Vulcanize,
and to tell it to
inline scripts, and then
run a whole separate tool just
to pull all of those scripts
out again.
But what we're
actually doing here
is we're making sure that
if our elements depend
on external JavaScript files,
we can fetch all of those files.
We can bundle them together,
so we're not creating
a ton of HTTP requests.
And only once we've
got everything
bundled together will we
extract the JavaScript
into a single bundle.
So this is, again,
just to kind of help
us cut down on the number of
requests in our application.
Now, once I've run
this command, I
can go check out
my dist directory.
Inside of here, I've got
two files, elements.html.
If I look at that, it's got
the markup from my elements.
But at the top, I've also
got this elements.js file.
That elements.js
file is all that code
that Crisper pulled out
from our application.
And looking at that, we
can see that we've got all
of the JavaScript for Polymer.
And if we scroll down the
page, we've also got all
of the JavaScript for our little
elements that we've created--
x-foo, and [? x-bar, ?] and
anything else that you might
have in your application.
So this is great.
We've got Crisper
working in our app.
But you know, it's
kind of a bummer
to run these things
from the command line
every single time you
want to do a build
or a deploy of your application.
It would be a lot better if
we could actually combine this
with a build tool like Gulp.
So to do that, I'm going
to go back to my terminal.
And I'm going to run npm
install gulp-crisper.
And I'll wait.
OK.
So we've installed
Crisper for Gulp.
What I'm going to do, now,
is go to my Gulp file.
And this is a little Gulp
file that I've actually
started in a previous
episode, when we
were talking about Vulcanize.
And what I'm going to do is
just slot Crisper in right
after the vulcanized task.
I'll say crisper equals
require gulp crisper.
And then, because Gulp lets
us pipe the output of one task
to the next, I can just
rename this task to build
and actually pipe the
output from Vulcanize
right into Crisper
and then pipe all
of that to my dist directory.
And really, that's
all you've got to do,
to add Crisper to
your build process.
It's pretty easy.
I'm going to go down and rename
the task in my default task
from vulcanize to build.
And then I can switch
over to my terminal.
I can run Gulp.
[MAKES LASER SOUND]
And now I'm done.
I go back to my application.
I look at my dist directory.
And I've got elements.html
and elements.js.
Up at the top, I can see
I've got my script file there
and elements.html, elements.js.
I've got all the JavaScript
from Polymer, all the JavaScript
from my elements.
Good to go.
So if I was going to deploy
this to something like Cordova
or a Chrome app, I'd be set.
And you know, there's a lot more
that we can do with Crisper.
Like I mentioned, we
can use tools like Babel
to transpile code.
We could use CoffeeScript
and other cool things.
So I'm going to try
and cover some of those
in a future episode.
If you enjoyed this episode,
please, be sure to leave us
some comments down below.
And perhaps, consider
clicking that Like button
if you really had
an awesome time.
Also, if you have
any questions for us,
you can always ping
us on a social network
of your choosing,
at #AskPolymer.
As always, thank you
so much for watching.
And I'll see you next time.
MALE SPEAKER: Polycast
[INAUDIBLE] Take four.
ROB DODSON: Argh!
You guys want to know who
killed who in Star Wars?
I don't know.
Mlah!
Words.